---
layout: record
title: MPI/LP 502
style: Musique Pour L'Image No. 2 - Action, Charme, Espace
frontcover: 502a.png
backcover: 502b.png
---

1. Accroche-Toi, Caroline!
1. Dim-Dam-Sweet
1. March In Blue
1. Night And Fog
1. Sur UN Rythme A Trois Temps
1. Une Guitare Pour Le Soleil
1. A Triple Vitesse
1. Voices In The Wind
1. Espace Zero
1. Smiles Of Spring

The MPI Studio Orchestra, playing the compisitions of Claude Vasori, Direct by Steve Haward. And this is a good
one - one of those library records which is charming and varied. Roger Hilton cover which is somewhat bobbins, but
this is one of those records that promises "action" and kind of delivers on that promise.

The first two tracks could be lifted directly from some Italian movie - all female vocals. The first track is characterized
as "Sports Car" and it's really good - not beat centric but driving and a funky in the right places. Lot's of harpischord 
that works well. The second is slower and probably a soundtrack to some love scene somewhere in Europe.

Third brings in xylophone and some blues and can't possibly live up to the start. As with 501, not many musicians are
listed, so it's a mystery who was involved in this and what they knew. Four is "suspense plus", which seems to be
translated frmo "Atmosphere de tension", the latter of which is accurate - there's no real plus here. But a
good spy show theme, little bit Hitchcockian. I also apprecitate the translation of "200 km/h" to "150 m.p.h" - mathematically
wrong but still fair enough.

The final track on Side A, promises to be "loaded with dynamite". This is clearly a wildly inaccurate claim and it's got
more of those Italian wordless vocal vibes going on, with the brass keeping it French. Onto side two and a translation of
orchestre to ork. So this is 12 string + ork. As boring as that sounds, but made up by the follower - rhythm section only and it's
frentic and charming. A little bland, but beggars can't be choosers.

Voices In The Wind is back to the old wordless vocals trick but this time with better drumming and parping brass. So classic that
Sylvester re-issued this 10" under that name, but credited to both "The Paris Studio Group" and "The London Studio Group". It's
really really good, the kind of thing that would go well on a compilation. And in case you were worried that they wouldn't deliver on the "Space" Part, the penultimate track delivers on the Space part. It's
all tones and xylophone - quite good but not quite weird enough to be interesting. The final track is more of the wordless jolly vibes.

So overall this is really good if you like the jolly space age bachelor pad style thing. Quite delightful, without showing off.