---
layout: record
title: MPI/LP 501
style: Musique Pour L'Image No. 1 - Jazz Moderne
frontcover: 501f.png
backcover: 501b.png
---

1. Indianapolis
1. Atmosphere
1. Fafasifa
1. Joker
1. Drums Stick
1. Christopher
1. Profil
1. Ballad In C
1. Trumpet Promenade
1. 6 A.M.

Library music can sometimes be difficult to grasp. The essentials are clear - this is music designed to be
background in adverts, television, radio and film, but once you start to take the context out the music
becomes a little weird - weirder still when the idea is that these tunes should appear in the background
of something which doesn't exist yet.

So Musique Pour L'Image - a classic libary label. Tres French, started by Robert Viger who does the artwork
for most, though this cover is not the best and uncredited. So this is called Jazz Moderne, and does have
some modern jazz on it, albeit for 1967. The two sides of this ten inch LP are split between the MPI Trio and
The Henry Renaud Quartet / Quintet. The main players are uncredited, but Martial Solal, Henry Renaud and 
Robert Hermaud are credited.

And the music is pretty much straight up trio jazz, mostly up tempo and piano led. The credits describe one
track as Afro Cuban, but it's a very small part of the song. There's a drum solo which is pretty engaging
for a solo. The track with trumpet and flute work better and the longer tracks more so. As it is a 10 track
10 inch record there's not much space for the band to stretch so it does end up feeling a little vignette-y.

But overall this is "good jazz" if a little plain. Is it worth the asking price, maybe? You'd have to really
like this type of jazz, and can live with the shortness more so. It is the type of jazz that you could well imagine
hearing in the background of a jazz club on TV.