So what is the plan? Once, a few years ago when I had a ~4 hour commute, I decided to see if I could listen to everything
The Fall had ever released. This led me to a few rabbit holes of weird and interesting live CDs and various other avenues
which were not currently in my grasp. It's been a few years since and I still wonder: Do I own everything by The Fall.

What does everything mean here? I mean every official or unoffically released track that is listed on Discogs for The Fall.
So I don't need to own every version of Dragnet - in fact, owning [Dragnet](https://www.discogs.com/release/652364-The-Fall-Dragnet) is
sufficient for my needs since it contains all worthy tracks. Furthermore, owning it means I don't need to own Rowche Rumble
or Fiery Jack on 45, since that release covers both of these.

So there's maybe two questions. Question 1: Do I own everything by the Fall. Question 2: What's the smallest set of releases
that would allow me to achieve (1). And maybe further - what if "me" was anyone with a Discogs account. And what if "The Fall" was
potentially any other band.

The first part of the further is pretty easy - we make a website that let's you log in via discogs and does the same analysis that
I would do for myself. The second part is harder because of the human amendments we'd have to make in order to define equivalance
between tracks on different releases.

For example, if we have two releases (say https://www.discogs.com/release/603365-The-Fall-Live-At-The-Witch-Trials and https://www.discogs.com/release/372000-The-Fall-Live-At-The-Witch-Trials) - 
The track "Frightened" (Track A1 or 1 if we ignore the sides) on the latter is equivalent to "Frightened" (Track 1-1 or 1) on the former.
So if I own the A1 version, I don't need to own the 1-1 or rather I already own it. However, the track "Industrial Estate" (A6 / 6) on the former
is not equivalent to the track "Industrial Estate" (1-19 / 19) on the latter since they are different recordings. And whilst there are
clear clues that these are diffferent recordings, there's no easy or automated way that we can draw equivalance or non-equivalence between
these two instances.

So we have to do that by hand, and manually annotate each release so that we can define equivalance between tracks and thereby get a much
better picture of the total discography of a given band. But we can try and do as much as we can to define equivalance automatically before
having to step in and so some human intervention.

So I set out a bunch of milestones for this project and will reveal and work through them as I go.